feat(model-ad): add Comparison Tool base components (MG-224) (#3203)
Sage-Bionetworks/sage-monorepo: libs/model-ad/comparison-tool-wrapper/README.md

# model-ad-comparison-tool-wrapper

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Running unit tests

> Run `nx test web-not-found` to execute the unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `nx test model-ad-comparison-tool-wrapper` to execute the unit tests.
```
